<span class="wiki-builder">This page was generated with Wiki Builder. Do not change the format!</span>

## Auto Rifle
* **weaponId:** AutoRifle

statType | statId
-------- | ------
weaponPrecisionKills | weaponPrecisionKillsAutoRifle
weaponKills | weaponKillsAutoRifle
weaponKillsPrecisionKills | weaponKillsPrecisionKillsAutoRifle

## Fusion Rifle
* **weaponId:** FusionRifle

statType | statId
-------- | ------
weaponPrecisionKills | weaponPrecisionKillsFusionRifle
weaponKills | weaponKillsFusionRifle
weaponKillsPrecisionKills | weaponKillsPrecisionKillsFusionRifle

## Grenade
* **weaponId:** Grenade

statType | statId
-------- | ------
weaponPrecisionKills | weaponPrecisionKillsGrenade
weaponKills | weaponKillsGrenade
weaponKillsPrecisionKills | weaponKillsPrecisionKillsGrenade

## Hand Cannon
* **weaponId:** HandCannon

statType | statId
-------- | ------
weaponPrecisionKills | weaponPrecisionKillsHandCannon
weaponKills | weaponKillsHandCannon
weaponKillsPrecisionKills | weaponKillsPrecisionKillsHandCannon

## Machine Gun
* **weaponId:** Machinegun

statType | statId
-------- | ------
weaponPrecisionKills | weaponPrecisionKillsMachinegun
weaponKills | weaponKillsMachinegun
weaponKillsPrecisionKills | weaponKillsPrecisionKillsMachinegun

## Melee
* **weaponId:** Melee

statType | statId
-------- | ------
weaponPrecisionKills | weaponPrecisionKillsMelee
weaponKills | weaponKillsMelee
weaponKillsPrecisionKills | weaponKillsPrecisionKillsMelee

## Pulse Rifle
* **weaponId:** PulseRifle

statType | statId
-------- | ------
weaponPrecisionKills | weaponPrecisionKillsPulseRifle
weaponKills | weaponKillsPulseRifle
weaponKillsPrecisionKills | weaponKillsPrecisionKillsPulseRifle

## Rocket Launcher
* **weaponId:** RocketLauncher

statType | statId
-------- | ------
weaponPrecisionKills | weaponPrecisionKillsRocketLauncher
weaponKills | weaponKillsRocketLauncher
weaponKillsPrecisionKills | weaponKillsPrecisionKillsRocketLauncher

## Scout Rifle
* **weaponId:** ScoutRifle

statType | statId
-------- | ------
weaponPrecisionKills | weaponPrecisionKillsScoutRifle
weaponKills | weaponKillsScoutRifle
weaponKillsPrecisionKills | weaponKillsPrecisionKillsScoutRifle

## Shotgun
* **weaponId:** Shotgun

statType | statId
-------- | ------
weaponPrecisionKills | weaponPrecisionKillsShotgun
weaponKills | weaponKillsShotgun
weaponKillsPrecisionKills | weaponKillsPrecisionKillsShotgun

## Sniper Rifle
* **weaponId:** Sniper

statType | statId
-------- | ------
weaponPrecisionKills | weaponPrecisionKillsSniper
weaponKills | weaponKillsSniper
weaponKillsPrecisionKills | weaponKillsPrecisionKillsSniper

## Submachine Gun
* **weaponId:** Submachinegun

statType | statId
-------- | ------
weaponPrecisionKills | weaponPrecisionKillsSubmachinegun
weaponKills | weaponKillsSubmachinegun
weaponKillsPrecisionKills | weaponKillsPrecisionKillsSubmachinegun

## Super
* **weaponId:** Super

statType | statId
-------- | ------
weaponPrecisionKills | weaponPrecisionKillsSuper
weaponKills | weaponKillsSuper
weaponKillsPrecisionKills | weaponKillsPrecisionKillsSuper

## Relic Kills
* **weaponId:** Relic

statType | statId
-------- | ------
weaponPrecisionKills | weaponPrecisionKillsRelic
weaponKills | weaponKillsRelic
weaponKillsPrecisionKills | weaponKillsPrecisionKillsRelic

## Sidearm
* **weaponId:** SideArm

statType | statId
-------- | ------
weaponPrecisionKills | weaponPrecisionKillsSideArm
weaponKills | weaponKillsSideArm
weaponKillsPrecisionKills | weaponKillsPrecisionKillsSideArm

## Sword
* **weaponId:** Sword

statType | statId
-------- | ------
weaponKills | weaponKillsSword

